[door opens, closes]
[light footsteps]
[crinkling]
[sighing]
[eerie jazz music]
[paper bag crinkles]
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
Hey, Walter.
How's it going?
I just had to get out
for a hike.
I needed some fresh air.
Do you mind if I come in?
I want to talk
about last night.
Okay, cool.
[whispers]
Fuck.
[sighs]
Shit.
♪ ♪
Hey, Walter...
I had to get out for a hike.
Do you mind if I come in?
Thanks.
♪ ♪
It's such a beautiful morning,
right?
Yeah, listen,
um...can I come in?
I didn't like
how last night went.
I owe you an apology.
Okay.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Hey, Walter.
Do you mind if I come in?
I think we should talk
about last night.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
[footsteps thud]
[suspenseful music]
[birds chirping]
♪ ♪
[exhales sharply]
[birds chirping]
♪ ♪
[door hinges creaking]
[menacing music]
[clock ticking]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[phone rings]
Geist Executive.
This is Chad.
[Alex] Hi, I need Security.
[Chad] Certainly.
I'll connect you.
♪ Doo-duh-doo-doo ♪
Okay, actually, I'm not
seeing that for some reason.
I've got "Sent Mail,"
but I don't see...
[Alex] Okay, is there
anyone else who can help?
Oh, I'm on the wrong screen.
Let me just...
[computer mouse clicks rapidly]
[Chad] Okay, here we go.
Okay, Chad, forget about that.
A guy might be
coming there today.
Do you know the name of
the person in Security?
I can only search by name,
it looks like.
Listen to me.
Okay?
There's a possible situation,
an intruder.
His name is Walter Cru...
- Holy mother of fucker.
[Chad] Excuse me?
Take me off of this list now.
[Chad] I don't...
- [cell phone beeps off]
[laughs]
I'm sorry.
I...
Wait, did you just say,
"mother of fucker"?
Yeah.
I probably did.
Yes.
[chuckles]
You, uh, you hungover too?
Yeah.
I woke up this morning
and my head was...
[Walter] Yeah, me too.
[sighs]
Look, I, uh...
I wanted to say
about last night...
It's okay.
- We were both very drunk.
- No, look.
You're literally
the only person
who's tried to help me,
and I took out
all my shit on you, so...
I'm sorry too.
I need to learn when to keep
my damn mouth shut.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
[sighs] Yeah, and I was doing
some thinking, and I do.
I gotta get down there.
- Geist?
[Walter] Yeah.
I mean, it's probably stupid,
but...I gotta do
what I gotta do, right?
Yeah.
I get it.
I understand.
I have a shitty coffee maker,
but I was gonna make myself
some coffee.
You want to join me?
Oh, actually,
I was gonna go fishing.
Fishing?
Fishing, fishing?
Like, right now?
[Walter] Yeah, before I go,
I thought...
I mean, 'cause remember, last
night we were talking and...
Yeah, I remember.
[Walter] So I crawled out
of my hangover,
picked up a whole bunch of shit
I have no idea how to use...
what do you think?
Oh, you're inviting me.
Yeah, why not?
[Alex] 'Cause I know
less than you do about fishing.
That's perfect.
Come on.
Okay.
[Alex] I'll go.
- Cool.
I'll drive.
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
So where are we headed?
This guy at the bait shop
told me about a place.
No tourists.
[engine turns over]
♪ ♪
[engine rumbling]
[Walter] So where
are you from, again?
Near Oakland.
Hmm.
You grew up around there, or...
No, I didn't.
So where, then?
Near St. Louis.
Cool.
What town?
Belleville.
You want the street address?
[scoffs]
My bad.
I just figure you got
my whole life story last night.
I was just curious.
What do you want to know?
Did you like it?
Belleville?
Being over there...deployment.
It had its pluses and minuses.
Oh, yeah?
Like what?
What do you mean?
Give me an example.
Okay.
Like, a minus would be...
the sand.
The sand got up in everywhere.
[snorts softly] Right.
No, I remember that much.
No, I don't think you do,
with your plumbing.
[snorts softly]
That's funny.
- Okay, how 'bout another one?
[Alex] Why?
- I told you,
to get to know you.
Okay, why doesn't it feel like
that's what you're doing?
What does it feel like
we're doing?
Look, if you have a problem
with me, let's talk about it.
I said I was sorry
about last night, I...
Look, I don't have a problem
with you.
- Okay.
- Okay?
I just told you, I...I...
I don't remember much
from over there.
I was just interested.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
What happened
to your girlfriend?
What?
Last night...
You said she was gonna kill you
if you didn't get back.
Yeah, she is going to kill me.
Hmm.
How long you two been together?
[Alex] About five years.
- [car horn honks]
- Oh, shit.
Hang on.
[car horn honks]
♪ ♪
This fucking truck.
[engine rumbling]
[engine rumbles]
♪ ♪
No ring, though?
Who's the deadbeat,
you or her?
[chuckles]
I don't know.
Both of us.
Oh, come on.
[engine revving]
♪ ♪
[sighs] Where the hell
are we going anyway?
Where...where's this place?
Ah, now you want
to change the subject?
No, I just don't want to...
You don't want to tell me
any personal details.
It's all good.
[exhales]
♪ ♪
Fine.
Marriage is not the issue.
[Walter] What's the issue?
Kids.
Mm.
She didn't want 'em, huh?
No, she does.
[Walter] So then what?
She had it rough growing up,
and she's just afraid of
what kind of mom she'll be.
But she'll be a great mom.
She alphabetizes the cereal,
and she doesn't even know
that she's doing it.
[Walter] Sounds like
she got her shit together.
Yeah, but that's
kind of also the problem.
[Walter] What do you mean?
Well, she thinks
if you worry about something,
you can prevent it.
If you nail every detail,
there's no risk involved.
You can be sure.
But not you.
No.
There are always
risks involved.
So what are you gonna do?
I don't know.
Compromise, I guess.
Hmm.
So, like, get a cat?
[sighs softly]
What if it isn't the baby
she's not sure about?
What?
What if it's you?
[birds chirping]
[scoffs softly]
[scoffs]
Fuck do I know, though, right?
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
[rustling]
After you.
♪ ♪
[footsteps rustling]
Hey, before you went over,
did they...
they make you do this, uh,
interrogation training?
- What do they call it?
- Oh, the um...
- [Alex snaps fingers]
- You know everybody does it.
They come grab you
in the middle of the night...
- Yes, yes.
- You got all this information
and they try
and take it out of you.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
All right, so for me...
they had me in a basement,
in a stress position all night.
Got this asshole there,
staring at me the entire time.
Every time I try
and fall asleep,
he literally gets
right in my face.
Sometimes,
he was yelling at me.
he'd just breathe on me.
Three nights.
So finally...
they open up the door...
in comes the instructor,
and he asks me if I want
to play ping-pong.
[snorts]
Sport of the future.
- Yeah.
- Of course.
Man, I was just happy
to be out of there.
So anyway...
[laughs]
We're playing,
and he starts asking me
about my training,
about where I'm from...
And we start talking.
♪ ♪
So that was all a part
of the exercise.
♪ ♪
After all that,
one game of ping-pong.
Damn.
♪ ♪
I gave up everything
because he was nice to me.
You know,
I was thinking that last night.
Really?
Why?
Because you were so nice to me.
♪ ♪
Because that's my job.
Listen, Walter.
I don't know...
Right, but then...
you said "meters."
- I said what?
- Your friend, the sniper.
What was his name again?
Holman.
[Walter] Right, Holman.
Your good buddy.
Yeah, he was.
Snipers say "yards,"
not meters.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
Okay, so I made a mistake.
- [scoffs]
[Alex] So what?
Yeah, no.
That's the same thing
I told myself...
Right after our argument
outside Skins.
I'm sitting in my truck,
thinking:
"So what?
She made a mistake."
"No big deal."
♪ ♪
But then you went back up
to your room.
♪ ♪
I was drunk and tired,
and I needed a place to sleep.
Right.
No, that makes sense.
But then you came back
downstairs...
♪ ♪
Got into that fancy car
of yours...
[engine turns over]
You told me you took the bus.
♪ ♪
So I followed you.
[car beeps]
[shopping cart rattles]
[sinister music]
♪ ♪
There I was,
waiting outside,
telling myself: "Go home.
Get some sleep.
You're fucking crazy.
So what?
She likes to shop at night.
Big deal."
You're not crazy, Walter.
You're just...
I almost went home too.
But then out you came.
- So I kept going...
- [engine turns over, revs]
♪ ♪
Right to my house.
I wanted to apologize.
That's why.
But then you went inside.
♪ ♪
[uneasy music]
[birds chittering]
♪ ♪
[panting]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Don't touch me!
Don't come near me!
What are you doing here?
What do you want?
- Stop lying to me!
- Please, stay away!
[Alex whimpering]
Okay.
Okay, look, just calm down.
Okay?
Just calm down.
Don't tell me to calm down!
You are not calm right now!
I just need to know...
I need to know
what happened, okay?
I just need to know.
- [water lapping]
- [Alex panting]
You were right about Geist.
What is that place?
What did they do to me?
You were asking questions,
and it made them nervous.
Nervous?
Nervous about what?
[Alex] About your treatment,
about what happened to you.
My treatment?
[water lapping]
I want to tell you everything.
I want to explain.
You're right to be angry.
But there's so much
to tell you.
[sighs]
What?
[dramatic music]
I just...
♪ ♪
[high-pitched ringing]
[solemn piano music]
♪ ♪
[music crescendos]
Hey.
You finally home?
[Alex] Temple.
Temple.
Alex, what's wrong?
Where are you?
[Alex] I fucked up.
I'm sorry.
For...for what?
[Alex] Walter.
He knows.
[Temple] What?
What happened?
♪ ♪
Alex.
[thudding]
♪ ♪
[Temple] Hello?
Are you there?
♪ ♪
Hello?
Are you there?
[phone line beeps]
♪ ♪
Here.
[indistinct chatter]
[grunts]
[rustling]
[thudding]
[computer beeps,
keys clacking]